###Advertisment Suggesting Model

##Model Implement Using Apriory Algorithm

There are several challenges that we can observe in the retail business that must be addressed. When compared to online retailers, supermarkets have relatively limited customer insight, so they display unsuitable advertisements to potential customers that they are not interested. We provide better advertisements for real-time customers in the supermarket. At that time, if they are registered customers through our system based on their previous transaction history, we display the most appropriate advertisement for them. If they are new customers, according to their identified age, gender, and emotion, we segment them into several categories and display the appropriate advertisement for them. We used a transaction dataset of customers as input to train the advertisement prediction model, and the output of the customer recognition and attribute analysis to determine which customer segment was in the supermarket at a given moment. In this section, we also get to enter all the advertisement information into the system. The data mining-based method we propose for a more effective approach to targeted advertising may meet various users and present them with different types of advertising content based on their past purchase activities. Based on the real-time customer of that supermarket, we propose the most appropriate advertisement for the real-time customer of that supermarket as a final output. Those advertisements are also displayed on the supermarket’s advertisement panels. We can deliver more advantages to our customers by utilizing these modules. Some of these include better customer service, faster advertising, real-time feedback, and keeping costs down.


